 _    _   _  
| |  | \ | | 
| |  |  \| |
| |  |     | 
| |  | |\  | saine (i couldnt be bothered to finish it it was too hard) 
|_|  |_| \_| 

Charcter: orange fox looking thing that has a green sword thing (theres gotta be a sprite somewhere)

Gameplay: 
2d platformer game with a sword. you heal by getting focus from battle and using that focus to change to health. getting more armour gives you more health. you move very slowly and can jump really low when healing. Focus can also be used to do special moves and such. getting killed you will respawn at a respawn machine you have last contacted and money will be lost at where you died. coins is earned when you defeat enimies. you also get acsessories that you can use that does diffrent things. there is a limited amount of slots (terraria?????). there is also gonna be platforming parts you have to complete. (hollow kinght but bad)

"The purge" story kinda:         (you find bits a pieces around the playthough that together will review the true story)
so one day someone decided that the world was a vile place and decided that it was best that everone died (not a good idea). He gathered followers and slowly started to make use of a technology of small (sometimes large) robotic beings that are capible of infesting everywhere on [planet name] and then simulaniosly kill everyone. He called it "The purge" He has a helper he recruted that is very smart. She (recruter person) slowly starts to dislike the man and plans to kill him one day (betrayal). When that day came, she was going to spike the person's drink, killing him. By "spiking" she ment to basicaly make him drink acid (a bad way to die). So she started to walk down the gangways in the factory then acdently spilt some acid on a controll monitor. She sucesfully kills the guy and makes the news (the orginisation has been working undercover as a "mechtronics focoused manufactoring plant"). The acid however, set off The Purge prematurily causing mass hysteria amonst people when the world's population quickly died, but not all at went as planned.     The lab you work at wanted some way to save everyone by keeping a number of people safe and then they can rebuild the population. No one wanted to be that person as the burden was too much to carry, so they appointed the most fit two people for the job. You and another co-worker. She worked in manufactring and is rarther good at survival skills. (they had time to do this since The Purge was set off prematuily). This caused the testing the machine and it "breaking".

Pt1, Intro    Part one you find out how the machine broke and the story of the purge      also acts as a tutorial for the gameplay but anyways     also finding other peopel

you (the charecter) work at a research lab place. The place is very clean (as with labs). You have to test out a sleep thing that makes you sleep (wow). oopsie, it goes wrong and you sleep for a very long time. (very original idea not see yet, especialy in the "Portal" franchise of games). When you wake up, the world is in shambles, not very poggers. 

When you wake up, you find the place lifeless and dark. All your past memories of the warm, inviting world is all gone. You find a blue band that you put on that was left for you by some people. The sword is forged from a bunch of scrap materials found around the lab. after all you did work at a very high tech lab, and you think weapons are cool and always have wanted to make one but like its kinda not allowed at work. you travel through the abadoned lab, finding old small rusty robots everywhere that want you dead. you have a sword so you use it. Around the lab, you find some scattered infomation about a project called [project name]. Roughly, the idea of the project was that two people got put to sleep for an important reason that all infomation has been redacted. This is in hopes that they can rebuild civilization again. You go and find the other machine that is spposed to kept the oter member alive, but you found her in quite the opposite condition. This means that you are the final person alive on this planet. this is really sad infomation and really disapointing. You think this is not possible and it is very hard to beleve that it is. So you go out on your journy to find people again.

Pt1, moving around

Moving around the old lab, you try to find a way out, into the open world as this has lots of opertunities and stuff. Theres multiple stories, covering diffrent sectors of the lab that you traverce through. But then you are nearly at the bottom, the floor colapses underneth you and you fall through landing on the ground floor. You are now at the ground level and can go outside. Outside is the old city, derilic and old. You go though some of the old buildings and look at some old posters and things left out. walking around, you stumble upon a entrence to a deep underground building so you venture in there and find a underground city. You hope to find people living in here, but it is derilic and lifeless like everything else. Venturing into the underground, you stumble into a lot of locked areas that you cannot axess and one way doors that you can only open from one way.

Pt1, Inside the underground city

Through the passages, it eventualy leads to a large room where a large robot that remained from The Purge. (basicaly a boss fight). the passaegs will have a lot of platforming features to get better at platforming.
*boss fighting*
After you slay the boss, it unlocks a item you can equip. 

There is a very big valut door, designed to keep stuff in and also keep stuff out. You have to find the pin for the keypad but the keypad does not have power to work. you have to go and turn the power on. When you follow the wires there is a power station with a switch board and you have to get the right switches to get the power to the right place. (puzzle)

There is a grid of switches on and off. MAKE PUZZLE ON PAPER SOON

After you power on the lights you see a note and read the note. It says: 
---------------------
xx/xx/xxxx

Power controll room. *scribbled down* 266845

Everything working fine at the moment. Everything is on and ready. I have been stationed here to close the door after the evacuation, someone has to do it. Unfortunately for me, well hah, i guess, everyone has to go one day. Ive devoted myself to helping a lot of people but im scared you know. I know well that i am going to die, but i just dont feel as bad as i thought id feel. Its funny, i wont be around. It almost seems im writing this for someone, but i dont know. Theres no one here, nothing. Its loney here i wish i could go. My feelings are so complex, i dont know how to feel, i dont know anything. As the last lights go out, so will I so goodbye, to whoever sees this, maybe in days, years, never. 
---------------------

when you are at the door, you enter the code and the large door opens. 